Add troubleshooting section for too many issues (#529)
sider/sider-docs: docs/troubleshooting.md

### Too many changed files in a pull request

> The maximum number of changed files in a pull request is **3,000**.

Author: ```suggestion
The maximum number of changed files in a pull request is **3,000** in Sider.
```

An analysis never starts if your changed files exceed the limit.

## Installing dependencies fails

If you are using private dependencies via a package manager (e.g. npm), you need extra steps.
See ["Private Dependencies"](./advanced-settings/private-dependencies.md) for more details.

## Too many issues detected

The maximum number of issues detected per analysis tool is **50,000**.
If the maximum value is exceeded, no issues are displayed.
Here are the recommended ways to prevent such a problem:

- Ignore needless files for analysis via the [`ignore`](./getting-started/custom-configuration.md#ignore) option of `sider.yml`
- Narrow target files via a tool-specific option of `sider.yml` (e.g. [`linter.eslint.target`](./tools/javascript/eslint.md#target))
- Ignore needless files via a tool-specific feature (e.g. [`ignorePatterns`](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#ignoring-files-and-directories) of ESLint)

> - Configure `sider.yml` or a analysis tool to fit to your project, e.g.

Author: > __[LanguageTool]__ Use "an" instead of 'a' if the following word starts with a vowel sound, e.g. 'an article', 'an hour' ([view](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/529#issue-5233595))
>
> <details>
>
> | Rule | Type | Category | Replacements |
> | ---- | ---- | -------- | ------------ |
> | `EN_A_VS_AN` | misspelling | MISC | `an` |
>
> You can [close this issue](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/529#issue-5233595) if no need to fix it. [Learn more](https://help.sider.review/getting-started/working-with-issues).
>
> </details>

Good catch!

Author: ```suggestion
- Configure `sider.yml` or an analysis tool to fit your project, e.g.
```

>   - setting [`linter.code_sniffer.standard`](./tools/php/code-sniffer#standard) of `sider.yml`

Author: > __[remark-lint]__ Link to unknown file: `tools/php/code-sniffer`. Did you mean `tools/php/code-sniffer.md` ([view](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/529#issue-5233593))
>
> <details>
>
> | Rule | Severity |
> | ---- | -------- |
> | `missing-file` | `warn` |
>
> You can [close this issue](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/529#issue-5233593) if no need to fix it. [Learn more](https://help.sider.review/getting-started/working-with-issues).
>
> </details>

:+1:

Author: ```suggestion
  - setting [`linter.code_sniffer.standard`](./tools/php/code-sniffer.md#standard) of `sider.yml`
```

If you are using private dependencies via a package manager (e.g. npm), you need extra steps.
See ["Private Dependencies"](./advanced-settings/private-dependencies.md) for more details.

## Too many issues detected

> The maximum number of issues detected per analysis tool is **50,000**.
> If the maximum value is exceeded, no issues are displayed.

Reviewer: I updated these two sentences like this. Please consider them if you like.

```suggestion
The maximum number of issues is limited to **50,000** for each analysis tool.
If it reaches the limitation, no issues are displayed.
```

Author: Thanks. The following seems better:

- `for each` -> `per` (more simple)
- `reaches` -> `exceeds` (more accurate)

```suggestion
The maximum number of issues is limited to **50,000** per analysis tool.
If it exceeds the limitation, no issues are displayed.
```

Reviewer: OK
